[RHDHBUGS-3308]: Fix scorecard metrics exclude/include and extract shared procedures (#2313)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/observability_evaluate-project-health-using-scorecards/ref-available-scorecard-metric-ids.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE

[id="available-scorecard-metric-ids_{context}"]
= Available scorecard metric IDs

[role="_abstract"]

> Use the following metric IDs when excluding or including scorecard metrics per entity or globally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following metric IDs when disabling scorecard metrics per entity or globally.
```

Reviewer: It would be nice to also rename procedure files from `exclude-or-include` and `proc-exclude` so we can easier locate this section about disabling metrics
